style-guide: refresh page: move ellipsis to a separate section and extend syntax (#9742)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

  using `{{*.ext}}` explains the command without being unnecessarily specific;
  while in `wc -l {{path/to/file}}` using `{{path/to/file}}` (without extension) is sufficient.

### Grouping placeholders

- If a command can take 0 or more arguments of the same kind, use an ellipsis: `{{placeholder1 placeholder2 ...}}`.
  For instance, if multiple paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...}}` can be used.
- If a command can take 0 or more arguments of different kinds, use an ellipsis: `{{placeholder1|placeholder2|...}}`.
  If there are more than 5 possible values use `|...` after the last item.
- To restrict the minimum or (and) maximum placeholder count use range syntax after the ellipsis:

>   For instance if 4 or more paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...(4..)}}` can be used.

Reviewer: I think this syntax will confuse users and they must see this document to learn the meaning of `...(4..)`. Is `...(4..)` a well-known syntax in any programming language? Or can we mention "4 directories are expected" in the description of the example and use `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...}}`? cc @navarroaxel @kbdharun 
```suggestion
  For instance if 4 or more paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...(4..)}}` can be used.
```

Author: Range syntax is [well known](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/ranges.html) in Kotlin for instance. I don't see syntax with omitted range borders though, but I guess it can be considered as our extension.

Author: @blueskyson, @navarroaxel, what do u think about this:

> For instance if 4 or more paths are expected `{{4 or more: path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...}}` can be used.

?

  using `{{*.ext}}` explains the command without being unnecessarily specific;
  while in `wc -l {{path/to/file}}` using `{{path/to/file}}` (without extension) is sufficient.

> ### Grouping placeholders
> 
> - If a command can take 0 or more arguments of the same kind, use an ellipsis: `{{placeholder1 placeholder2 ...}}`.
>   For instance if multiple paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...}}` can be used.
> - If a command can take 0 or more arguments of different kinds, use an ellipsis: `{{placeholder1|placeholder2|...}}`.
>   If there are more than 5 possible values use `|...` after the last item.
> - To restrict the minimum or (and) maximum placeholder count use range syntax after ellipsis:
>   For instance if 4 or more paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...(4..)}}` can be used.
>   `-infinity` and `infinity` keywords must be omitted if no range `step` provided.
> 
> It's up to program to decide how to handle duplicating values, provided syntax
> tells no info about whether items are mutually exclusive or not.
> 
> - To represent command where at least `n` (> 0) are required duplicate placeholders:
>   `{{path/to/directory1}} {{path/to/directory2 path/to/directory3 ...}}` means that
>   at least 1 directory must be passed. Note that consequtive placeholder count numbering
>   has been continued after the first required placeholder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Grouping placeholders

- If a command can take 0 or more arguments of the same kind, use an ellipsis: `{{placeholder1 placeholder2 ...}}`.
  For instance, if multiple paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...}}` can be used.
- If a command can take 0 or more arguments of different kinds, use an ellipsis: `{{placeholder1|placeholder2|...}}`.
  If there are more than 5 possible values use `|...` after the last item.
- To restrict the minimum or (and) maximum placeholder count use range syntax after the ellipsis:
  For instance if 4 or more paths are expected `{{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...(4..)}}` can be used.
  `-infinity` and `infinity` keywords must be omitted if no range `step` is provided.

It's up to the program to decide how to handle duplicating values, provided syntax
tells no info about whether items are mutually exclusive or not.

- To represent command where at least `n` (> 0) is required duplicate placeholders:
  `{{path/to/directory1}} {{path/to/directory2 path/to/directory3 ...}}` means that
  at least 1 directory must be passed. Note that consecutive placeholder count numbering
  has been continued after the first required placeholder.
```
